my first commit (#3)
tidepool-org/data-science-handbook: tutorials/pycharm-getting-started.md

# PyCharm Getting Started Guide

PyCharm is the Python IDE of choice for the Data Science Team.

## Acquiring PyCharm License Key
PyCharm offers both a Professional and Community version of its software. The Professional version, which is what 

> the Data Science Team uses, requires a paid license (after free trial). 

Reviewer: you can remove (after free trial).

> To acquire this license, [TO DO: UPDATE WITH PROCESS HERE].

Reviewer: "Talk with your mentor or manager about getting a license through Tidepool." Also, TODO is the preferred syntax over TO DO

   
    (Note: you can watch the [Getting Started with PyCharm: A Quick Tour](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=BPC-bGdBSM8&feature=emb_title) 
    video while you wait).

3. Double-click the downloaded executable file.

4. Follow the installation instructions.

2. When opening PyCharm Professional for the first time, you will be prompted to enter
 a license code. See above for process for acquiring this license code.

For more information on downloading PyCharm see the 
[PyCharm Installation Support Article](
https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/installation-guide.html)

## Opening a Project
1. On the PyCharm Welcome screen, select "Open," or select File > Open from the main menu.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Click "Open."

You can also open projects directly from GitHub. For instructions 
on how to do so, see this [tutorial on Opening your Project for the First Time](
https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/opening-your-project-for-the-first-time.html).

[Creating new projects through PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/creating-empty-project.html)
is also possible.

## Best Practices

> * For more information on coding style, see the Data Science Team code style guidelines. [TO DO: ADD LINK]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information on coding style, see the Data Science Team code style guidelines. [TODO: put link after this section is written]
```
